how did I play in a while I just have to
this bird just keep playing Roy that's
pretty much all of us yeah yeah those
ways oh boy Roger boy be especially cuz
Roy was wrong with my hot dog if they
don't you know that is um same here
actually play Rosa home dog and then
with broken bones I okay a couple
assembly Bora market is that yeah
apparently I played I played I can brawl
because I played royal mail it I used my
05 in anything well I you know I still
like to use moths III switch between
them I didn't call the wrong hey guys I
think we just played my mama I said Mike
instead of bar tonight I combine them we
all played market i get Olivia spoken oh
yes oh there's another Falcon
hotel now you know my shenanigans with
that right oh yeah get off the stage I
can catch you know so i have today I
know what you're trying to do
rolled with pop rocks into other
ah even recognizing a vision a vision
about what is the vision
Mary 02 02 dear examples
my face 10 I think you would've got me
nope so lot from the Marvel Universe
holy Sh wow I'm down here so that is one
freakishly broken counter what was going
on oh yeah oh yeah is it won't you yeah
you to that yes yes
so sweet pilgrim I've certain ICS the
knees slowly tonight yeah so like I was
connection I slowly start descent yeah
yeah yeahs of that stuff I want to be a
cowboy if you truly get a lot for work
like if there's one thing is everything
good up in these games it's pulling up
video smashes for spike so whatever now
yeah like if I confess to those that is
so much better my car in New York lapis
need me at some point if i could if i
could start further to use those out I
think that's even has one but it's like
yeah like it is down there isn't it
people most people as they're down there
that's sometimes is the eyes so you yeah
oh yeah ah Africa like I I need to
practice but it's hard to do and like
try to go to ship because it's just lie
there I just act like a University of
course so long yes why'd you do that
elegant in me here sorry we didn't get a
room now probably really good
yeah okay give us a lipid Pisces
no function Oh almost I want to let you
do that again well why are you don't use
new Bernardo arts Brooklyn that's twice
excellent I think I see a lot of people
using show up no why yeah okay so you're
gonna work it into your actual movements
I Medusa to get caught off guard which
is better i had have a weird timing with
both of freaking sword that's awesome
oh oh I was going for I was freaking
going for it Oh rip in peace i wanted i
wanted the fancy coat I wanted but set
you go to this is a novel talk this
power I think that was the first time I
actually lost little thing uh yeah I
think so and I got a lot of calves this
is the menards power you can change the
modules we win with are you feeling it